feat: fcc-todo-app (#51367)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/15-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-22/learn-localstorage-by-building-a-todo-app/650046832f92c01a35834bca.md

---
id: 650046832f92c01a35834bca
title: Step 56
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-56
---

# --description--

> You also want a deleted task to be deleted in local storage. For this, you don't need the `removeItem()` or `clear()` methods. Since you already use `splice()` to remove the deleted task from `taskData`, all you need now is to save `taskData` in local storage again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You also want a deleted task to be removed from local storage. For this, you don't need the `removeItem()` or `clear()` methods. Since you already use `splice()` to remove the deleted task from `taskData`, all you need to do now is save `taskData` to local storage again.
```

> Use `setItem()` to save the `taskData` array again. Pass in `data` as the key and make sure `taskData` is stringified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `setItem()` to save the `taskData` array again. Pass in `data` as the key and ensure that `taskData` is stringified before saving.
```
